Project 1: https://github.com/citra-emu/citra
I choose this project because I am a huge fan of Nintendo games and find emulation incredibly interesting. 
I choose this nintendo 3DS emulator specifically due to how recently Nintendo has decided to shut down the 3DS shop.
For a lot of games Emulation will be the only way to access them and I think it is important to have games history
documented and preserved in some fashion. I also found it interesting how it can run games as they are and also
has the capability for creating Homebrew versions.

Project 2: https://github.com/PCSX2/pcsx2
This project is similar to the last one in that it is also an Emulator. I choose this one because the PS2 was 
one of my first consoles and a lot of my favorite games are on this console. However it is pretty hard to find some
of them these days. One thing I found especially interesting on this repo is that it has been worked on for 
over 10 years. The dedication and passion for this project is inspiring and support still continues to this day.

Project 3:https://github.com/id-Software/DOOM
This repo is the open source code for the original DOOM game. I choose this project for a few reasons. One DOOM is
a Classic game and arguably the origin of the FPS genre. I found it awesome and generous of John Carmack to release
the source code for everyone to have access to and to have fun with. In the note in the repo he even gave a few ideas
on ways to add to the base game. I love the passion and commitment to improving the craft and sharing his knowledge
with others. One thing I did find interesting was that the code only works with linux due to a copyright issue with the sound library
they used.

Project 4:https://github.com/OpenMW/openmw
This is another project that has been in the works for over a decade. This project allows you to play Elder Scrolls
Morrowind on various platforms. I choose this project because I love the Elder Scrolls Games and I think it is really
cool how fans of the original game have been working on it for a decade to bring this engine with new ways to play
Morrowind to life. I also find it interesting how they made new technology to replace some of Bethesdas tool sets.

Project 5:https://github.com/github/gitignore
This project was interesting in a few different ways. The first thing that stood out to me was how many 
different templates existed for various languages,IDEs, and programs. I also found it cool how at the bottom they 
had a way for the community to contribute to the templates and various rules to follow. This really added to the 
sense of community.
